Take it off for me no
This wine is too strong
I have never had such good wine
Can you flash the eel?
OK
This is the true first wine in the world
Come, come, give me another drink
That's not possible.
There must be no wine in this world that is more drunk than the gods
I don't believe in Father Emperor, you must be miserable
Zhang Ning didn't want him to be physically punished
Presumptuous, are you questioning me?
Children dare not
The son applies to taste it for himself
Ok I can let you taste it
But after you taste it
If this wine exceeds your fairy power
I will punish you
Children have the most confidence in immortals
I am willing to work with my father to help King Liang
That's not possible.
How can this wine be better than the gods?
Impossible for King Song Liang to return to his home
Reflection on not leaving the house for three days
Wang Xue now has a great contribution to fine wine
I want to reward you
Tell me what you want, I will promise you.
Any reward is fine
It should be fine if you want to marry a princess, right?